what's up guys i'm going to do a quick
on
my name car got the MST ms 01 d s series
it's the almost ready to run kit that
you can buy off ebay for 210 dollars
with free shipping I got it from hobby
best ad pretty pretty quick shipping we
got here within like a week so that's
pretty quick compared to other shipping
that I've had when you open the box
obviously you got your manual it's
pretty short and simple I don't know if
you guys can see that float basically
gives you a parts layout that's about it
you do have to install a couple things
on this car when you get it in this
version we'll go over that in a minute
but and then they send you this this is
basically what you're getting is the MSO
on d RTR it comes with the one it comes
with 1.5 for counter steer comes with
the front one way full ball bearings a
plastic lower chassis carbon fiber upper
chassis it does have breaded shocks
however they are plastic threaded shocks
and they're only threaded halfway down
they seem to be all right I haven't
really ran it yet i have already
obviously took it out of the box you get
a set of wheels your wheels are going to
be 3 millimeter offset they're going to
be whatever wheels i decided to throw in
the box but they are going to be 3
millimeter offset and they all come with
MST hard compound tyres so you get four
wheels you get bolts
you get the car which is the tide in
there but for the videos sake I went
ahead and took those off I'm going to
move to go up so we can get a better
picture of it this is the car the
threaded shocks they like I said they're
only threaded halfway down the car is
pretty pretty solid I have one of these
already that's a clone that's basically
a pro it does come with disc brakes on
it we're pretty cool there's your front
one way you've got the counter steer
1.54 let's see what all you have to put
on this thing one second here turn my
light back on the move this box out and
I'll tell you what's your own soul on
this thing okay we're better um see what
happens thought you have to install a
rear body posts obviously because
they're not on there assemble your
steering link have to install the rear
body posts your steering link it comes
with four degree camber all the way
around I've already taken the camber out
of the rear of this car I don't like to
run camber especially on the rear tires
all it does is make your tires wear
funny so there's no real gain to its
unless you're really trying to break
traction near on carpet not really
wearing down tires comes good with a
good stock tension the fro one's a
little tight but not too bad it does
have a rear stabilizer I don't think
it's really a it's not really adjustable
but you can buy an aluminum just above
one for it yeah guys that's my new car
that's what you get with the MSO 1d s
model like I said I've already got one
it's a clone those of you that haven't
seen it it's right here this is what
that car would look like pretty much
fully upgraded with all the aluminum
bulkheads carbon fiber upper and lower
it wouldn't look exactly like this but
it'd be really close so I got another
one to mess around with because I like
this chassis so much so hopefully this
one turns out as good as this one's been
treating me and get a lot of drifting in
with it